\textbf{Row 1: H1 supported and H2b passes equivalence.} The mechanism claim would be validated on real
hardware: peripheral diminishment reduces the performance cost of real peripheral distractors, and
the salience-re-grading mode does not measurably degrade peripheral event detection. The claim
remains mode-in-context (Hard Dark, workstation task; SignPop, monitoring stimulus). The design
cannot support "dark vignettes work" in general, and the dissertation will not say it. Within that
scope, this row would be the first performance-based demonstration of DR distraction suppression on
consumer passthrough hardware rather than in VR simulation.

\textbf{Row 2: H1 supported, H2b fails.} The focus–awareness trade-off documented in simulated DR
(McLaughlin et al., 2025; Murph et al., 2021) would have been reproduced and \textit{quantified}
on real hardware: the periphery's protection is bought with a measured awareness cost exceeding ten
percentage points of peripheral hit rate. This is not a failure row. It is arguably the most
design-relevant outcome, because it converts "mode choice" from aesthetics into a safety-relevant
context decision: attenuation modes for closed environments where the periphery genuinely does not
matter, salience modes, or nothing, where it does.

\textbf{Row 3: H1 refuted (the CI excludes the SESOI from below).} The bounded negative: peripheral
\textit{visual} attenuation, even at Hard Dark's maximum, reduces the error rate by less than the SESOI.
Scientifically this would suggest that distractor interference in this paradigm is not carried
solely by continuing visual input. Knowing the tablets are there, and the residual attentional
set toward them, may impose costs a visual overlay cannot remove. That would be a genuinely useful
result for the DR field, which currently extrapolates from simulation studies in which "removing"
a distractor is total. The dissertation would report the upper bound on the error-rate reduction as its
headline number.

\textbf{Row 4: Signed but unclaimable benefit.} The estimate favours the vignette but the confidence
interval spans both the SESOI and trivially small effects. If this occurs, the dissertation reports
the estimate and interval as a bounded conclusion and declines to claim the pre-set effect size. The
temptation this row exists to forbid is the retrospective discovery that a smaller effect "would also
be meaningful". A fifth row covers the pilot gates failing and the main study not launching, which is
included because a pre-registered frame that omits its own abort path is incomplete.

